Are there any household chores you secretly enjoy? Which ones do you hate and why?
Are there any laws or social rules that completely baffle you?
Are you a starter or a finisher?
Are you afraid of flying in airplanes? (How come?)
Are you living your life purposefully or still searching?
Are you useful in a crisis?
Can you tell when someone is lying?
Can you tell when someone is telling the truth?
Do you believe in magic? When have you felt it?
Do you believe that everyone deserves forgiveness?
Do you believe that people deserve to be happy?
Do you ever hunt for answers or omens in dreams?
Do you ever yearn for your life, before Facebook?
Do you have a morning ritual?
Do you have any habits you wish you could erase?
Do you have any irrational fears?
Do you have any personal rituals for the end of the year?
Do you have any physical features that you try to cloak or hide? How come?
Do you like to be saved, or do the saving?
Do you secretly miss Polaroid cameras?
Do you think everyone has the capacity to be a leader?
Do you think we should live like we’re dying?
Do you think we’re designed for monogamy? (Why or why not?)
Do you think you’re currently operating at 100% capacity?
Ever fantasize about being in a rock band? What would your group be called?
Has a teacher ever changed your life? How so?
Have you ever (actually) kept a New Year’s Resolution?
Have you ever been genuinely afraid for your physical safety?
What's a business that you think about starting and would be good at?
If you had to change your first name, what would you change it to?
If you had to write an advice column, what's the first question you'd like to answer?
How do you feel about psychic readings, astrology, or horoscopes?
Have you ever had to make a public apology? (How come?)
Have you ever met one of your heroes?
Have you ever met someone who was genuinely evil?
Have you ever pushed your body further than you dreamed possible?
Have you ever screamed at someone? (How come?)
Have you ever set two friends up on a date? (How did it go?)
Have you ever stolen anything? (Money, candy, hearts, time?)
Have you ever unplugged from the Internet for more than a week?
What's one award you've been given?
How do you engage with panhandlers on the street?
How do you reign in your self-critical voices?
How long can you go without checking your emails or texts?
How would you fix the economy?
If a mysterious benefactor wrote you a check for $5,000 and said, “Help me solve a problem/ any problem!” … what would you do with him or her?
If social media didn’t exist, how would your life be different?
If you could choose your own life obstacles, would you keep the ones you have?
If you could custom blend a perfume or cologne, what would it include?
If you could enroll in a PhD program, with your tuition paid in full by a mysterious benefactor, what would you study and why?
If you could have tea with one fictional character, who would it be?
If you could master any instrument on earth, what would it be?
If you could save one endangered species from extinction, which would you choose?
If you could sit down with your 15-year old self, what would you tell him or her?
If you had an extra $100 to spend on yourself every week, what would you do?
If you were heading out on a road trip right this minute, what would you pack?
If you were searching through an online dating website, what’s the #1 quality / trait that would attract you to someone’s profile?
If you were to die three hours from now, what would you regret most?
If you wrote romance novels or erotic fiction, what would your “pen name” be?
Is there something that people consistently ask you for help with? What is it?
Is war a necessary evil?
What are you an expert on? Is it because of training, lived experience, or both?
What are you bored of?
What are you devoted to creating, in the New Year?
What are you freakishly good at?
What are you starving for?
What do you value most: free time, recognition, or money?
What is your spirit animal?
What was the best kiss of your entire life?
What was the best part of your day, so far?
What was the most agonizing hour of your life?
What was your proudest moment from the past twelve months?
What was your very first job?
What was your worst haircut / hairstyle of all time?
What’s going to be carved on your (hypothetical) tombstone?
What’s in your fridge, right this moment?
What’s in your pocket (or purse, or man-purse) right now?
What’s one dream that you’ve tucked away for the moment? How come?
What’s one mistake you keep repeating (and repeating)?
What’s one thing you’re deeply proud of but would never put on your résumé?
What’s something you’ve tried, that you’ll never, ever try again?
What’s the best birthday cake you ever ate?
What’s the best compliment you’ve ever received?
What’s the hardest thing you ever had to write and why?
What’s the last book that you couldn’t put down?
What’s the most out-of-character choice you’ve ever made?
What’s the strangest date you’ve ever been on?
What’s the title of your future memoir?
What’s the worst piece of advice you’ve ever been given?
What’s your definition of an ideal houseguest?
What’s your guiltiest of guilty pleasures?
What’s your most urgent priority for the rest of the year?
What’s your personal anthem or theme song?
What’s your recipe for recuperating from extreme heartbreak?
When was the last time you astonished yourself?
When was the last time you got stuck in a rut? How did you get out of it?
When was the last time you saw an animal in te wild?
When you see peers / competitors getting things you want, how do you react?
Where & when do you get your best ideas?
Who is the last person that deeply disappointed you? (What happened?)
Would you consider yourself an introvert, extrovert, or ambivert?
Would you like to write a book? (About what?)
Would you rather be a lonely genius, or a sociable idiot?
Would you rather have a live-in massage therapist, or a live-in chef?
Would you rather have an extra $200 a day, or an extra 2 hours a day?
What are you most grateful for, right now, in this moment?
What movie will you never grow tired of watching?
What TV or movie character would be amazing in this group?
How do you celebrate? What are some things you do to treat yourself?
When was the last time you were so into your work that time flew by?
What’s the most beautiful place you’ve ever been?
What seemingly tiny thing are you actually really thankful for?
What’s one thing you really enjoy about where you live (house, neighborhood, city, or state)?
What categories of trivia are you the best at?
What’s the furthest you’ve ever been from home or family?
What’s your favorite Olympic event to watch?
What’s your favorite figure of speech?
What’s your favorite holiday? Why?
Where do you get your best ideas/ do your best thinking?
What’s one TV show you think everyone here should watch? Why?
How do you feel about small talk?
Who has been an influential mentor to you?
During the year, how do you mentally step away from school at the end of the day?
What would you rather hear first: the good news or the bad news? Why?
What’s one rule that your parents or guardian enforced on you that you know was actually good for you?
When you find that a task is unpleasant, how do you make yourself keep doing it?
Who do you know that is a “good listener”? And what makes them good at it?
When was the last time you asked for help? What happened?
What’s one thing most people don’t know about you?
When times are rough, who or what reminds you that life is good?
What is your most treasured memory?
Imagine you’ve just had a difficult interaction with a teacher or a schoolmate. How do you regain focus so you can continue with your day?
What is the best piece of advice you’ve ever received? Why was it helpful?
What’s a fear that sometimes gets in your way?
Think about the last big mistake you made. What did you learn from it?
Describe one time that you stood up for someone or something.
When is it difficult for you to listen to others?
When there’s disagreement, do you tend to lean into it or pull away from it?
When you’re feeling stressed, how do you deal with it?
Which of your character traits do you think adds the most to the world around you?
What’s the hardest thing you’ve ever done? How did you make it through?
What’s one thing that you’d change at work/ school if you could just wave a wand?
If you were going to be frozen tomorrow for a one-way 1000-year interstellar voyage, what would you most want to communicate (and to whom) before you leave?
What do you think you’re most likely to regret on your deathbed?
What do you miss most about your past that could be recreated today?
What’s the most important thing to remember daily that you haven’t been able to?
What help could you most use that you haven’t asked for?
What is your one piece of advice to everyone here?
What was the last thing you fell in love with?
When was the last time you felt unbounded optimism?
Who was the last person you felt inspired by?
What simple thing still blows your mind?
What sparked your curiosity in whatever you’re most curious about now?
What’s the most useful concept you have that doesn’t have a name?
What’s something you believe but can’t defend?
What taste do you have that most people don’t have, where does it come from, and how has it helped you?
What is your most radical belief?
Do you think it’s more important to follow the “written” rules or the “unwritten” rules? What is one unwritten rule that you’ve learned?
What is the most significant thing you’ve changed your mind on in the last year? Why did you change your mind about it?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
What’s the closest thing to real magic?
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?
Which question can you ask to find out the most about a person?
What do you want your epitaph to be?
There are two types of people in this world. What are the two types?
What is something you are certain you’ll never experience?
Who is/was your most interesting friend?
What small gesture from a stranger made a big impact on you?
If you had a clock that would countdown to any one event of your choosing, what event would you want it to count down?
What are three of the most significant numbers in your life?
Which of your personality traits has been the most useful?
Imagine you have a closet full of robots at the ready. Which of your various obligations would you assign to a robot? Which tasks and activities would you keep to yourself, because you enjoy them too much to delegate them to even a robot who is better than you?
What is the best measurement of how an idea is absorbed into culture?
Do you think you’re undervalued as a person? If so, why?
Why are some people so addictive?
What color best describes your personality?
What was your first job?
Have you ever met anyone famous?
What are you reading right now?
If you could pick up a new skill in an instant what would it be?
Who’s someone you really admire?
Seen any good movies lately you’d recommend?
Got any favorite quotes?
Been pleasantly surprised by anything lately?
What was your favorite band 10 years ago?
What’s your earliest memory?
Been anywhere recently for the first time?
What’s your favorite family tradition?
Who had the most influence on you growing up?
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
What’s something you want to do in the next year that you’ve never done before?
Seen anything lately that made you smile?
What’s your favorite place you’ve ever visited?
Have you had your 15 minutes of fame yet?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever heard?
How do you like your eggs?
Do you have a favorite charity you wish more people knew about?
Got any phobias you’d like to break?
Have you returned anything you’ve purchased recently? Why?
Do you collect anything?
What’s your favorite breakfast cereal?
Would you rather: Watch, Star Wars, or Star Trek? (Use whichever movies you find most relevant.)
Would you rather: Read on a Kindle or paperback book?
Would you rather: Go to a play or musical?
Would you rather: Go to the theater or a movie?
Would you rather: Hike or bike?
Would you rather: Wear jeans or chinos?
Would you rather: Have a Margarita or Pina Colada?
Would you rather: Drink a glass of Guinness or Fat Tire?
Would you rather: Crash with friends or stay in a hotel?
Would you rather: Visit Europe or Mexico?
Would you rather: Vacation in Hawaii or Alaska, and why?
Would you rather: Go skiing or snowshoeing?
Would you rather: Travel by plane, train, or automobile?
Would you rather: Enjoy a houseboat or speed boat?
Would you rather: Go climbing or zip lining?
Would you rather: Go to a comedy club or dance club?
Would you rather: Have a night out or evening in?
Would you rather: Watch TV or read a book?
Would you rather: Go canoeing or waterskiing?
Would you rather: Camp in an RV or stay in a tent?
Would you rather: Use Facebook or Twitter?
Would you rather: Choose a free trip or the money it would've cost?
Would you rather: Win the lottery or find your perfect job?
Would you rather: Swim in a pool or the ocean?
Would you rather: Travel by sailboat or cruise ship?
Would you rather: Watch sports or play sports?
Would you rather: Play dodgeball or kickball?
Who would you want with you if you were stranded on a deserted island?
If you could do anything you wanted right now, what would it be?
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
Where do you most want to travel, but have never been?
What is your favorite memory?
Who is your favorite author?
What is your favorite book?
What was your favorite activity in gym class when you were younger? 
What has been your biggest challenge?
What is your biggest success up until now?
What does your perfect day look like?
University or life experience, which do you feel best prepares you for life?
What is the one thing that should be taught in school that isn’t already?
If you were to create a piece of art, what would the subject be?
What one thing would you change if you had to do it over?
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
What does your life say about you?
How would your friends describe you?
What was your favorite food when you were a child?
What’s the #1 most played song of all time? From the last month?
What is one of your favorite quotes?
What’s your favorite indoor/outdoor activity?
What chore do you absolutely hate doing?
What is your favorite form of exercise?
What is your favorite time of day/day of the week/month of the year?
What’s your least favorite mode of transportation?
What is your favorite body part?
What sound do you love?
If you could throw any kind of party, what would it be like and what would it be for?
If you could paint a picture of any scenery you’ve seen before, what would you paint?
If you could choose to stay a certain age forever, what age would it be?
If you knew the world was ending in exactly 15-years, what would you do differently?
If you could choose anyone, who would you pick as your mentor?
If you could witness any event past, present or future, what would it be?
If you could learn to do anything, what would it be?
If you had to work on only one project for the next year, what would it be?
If you were immortal for a day, what would you do?
If you had to change your first name, what would you change it to?
If you could meet anyone, living or dead, who would you meet?
If you won the lottery, what is the first thing you would do?
If you were reincarnated as an animal/drink/ice cream flavor, what would it be?
If you could know the answer to any question, besides “What is the meaning of life?”, what would it be?
If you could be any fictional character, who would you choose?
Which celebrity has someone said you look, sound, or act like?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
What non-serious-thing do you want to be when you grow up?
When you have 30 minutes of free-time, how do you pass the time?
What would you name the autobiography of your life?
What songs are included on the soundtrack to your life?
Have you ever had something happen to you that you thought was bad but it turned out to be for the best?
What was one of the best parties you’ve ever been to?
What was the last movie, TV show or book that made you cry or tear up?
What’s the hardest thing you’ve ever done?
What was the last experience that made you a stronger person?
What did you do growing up that got you into trouble?
When was the last time you had an amazing meal?
What’s the best/worst gift you’ve ever given/received?
What do you miss most about being a kid?
What is your first memory of being really excited?
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
When was the last time you were nervous?
What is something you learned in the last week?
What story does your family always tell about you?
At what age did you become an adult?
Is a picture worth a thousand words? Elaborate.
Where’s Waldo?
The best part of waking up is?
How now brown cow?
Whasssssuuuupppppp?
What is something interesting that happened this week?
What have you been reading/ listening to/ watching lately?
What's made you smile today?
What's one thing you'd like to be different tomorrow?
What has been hardest for you this week?
When was the last time you felt truly appreciated?
What on your horizon are you most excited about?
What have you done recently to take care of yourself?
What do your wish you did a little less of this week?
What do you wish you did a little more of this week?
Share a boring fact about yourself. 
Imagine you could devote a year to researching someone’s biography. Who would your subject be?
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
When was the last time you were nervous?
What is something you learned in the last week?
What story does your family always tell about you?
At what age did you become an adult?
Is a picture worth a thousand words? Elaborate.
Where’s Waldo?
The best part of waking up is?
How now brown cow?
Whasssssuuuupppppp?
What is something interesting that happened this week?
What have you been reading/ listening to/ watching lately?
What's made you smile today?
What's one thing you'd like to be different tomorrow?
What has been hardest for you this week?
When was the last time you felt truly appreciated?
What on your horizon are you most excited about?
What have you done recently to take care of yourself?
What do your wish you did a little less of this week?
What do you wish you did a little more of this week?
Share a boring fact about yourself. 
What was one of the moments you were most proud of this year? What does that tell you about what you want to spend your energy/time/money on next year?
When were you genuinely surprised this last year?
What was your best failure this year? (i.e. what thing that didn’t go well eventually taught you something critical?)
What was your most overrated success? (i.e. something you thought would feel great that was sort of a let down?)
Who really enriched your life this year in a big way? Who is someone you want to get to know better in the year ahead?
What community are you a part of right now that you find most nourishing? What kind of community are you craving?
What goals—personal or professional—are you releasing this year?
Who did you feel most jealous of this year? What is that person up to that you want to bring more of into your own life?
Where and with whom were you most resentful last year? How can you get straight about your own needs and articulate them so you can stop feeling that shit this year?
What piece of art, movie, or book really inspired you this year?
What conversation was most memorable last year? What made it stick with you so powerfully?
If you had to articulate a mantra for this year, what would it be?
When were you most physically joyful last year? How can you get there more this year?
What is one question that you found yourself asking over and over again this year? What version of an answer are you living your way into?
What was the most sacred experience you had in the last decade?
What have grownups forgotten that kids know intimately?
If you had to choose between giving up music forever and TV/movies/streaming forever, which would you choose and why?
Which is better: a day at the beach or a day at an amusement park? Why?
If you had to describe how you're feeling right now as an amusement park ride: what ride at which park are you? Explain
If you had to describe how you're feeling right now as weather: describe what your weather is like.
What’s something new you’ve learned about yourself in the last three months?
What is your favorite body of water, and why?
Have you ever quit doing something that you used to be really passionate about? Do you regret it? Or are you happy you quit? Either way: Do you think you’ll ever take it up again?
If you had to take a bath in a food, which food would it be and why?
What is your oldest and most-cherished grudge?
What is something about yourself that we could never tell from just looking at you?
If you could say just one sentence to your pet and know they would understand it completely, what would you say?
Describe something that’s made you smile today.
What’s something you would not tell someone about yourself on a first date?
What is your most vivid memory of a historical event that occurred during your childhood?
What was your favorite activity as a 10-year-old?
In hindsight, what was the dumbest thing you made your parents buy you as a kid?
If someone gave you a giant blank billboard next to the highway, what message would you put on it?
If you went into the witness protection program and had to be someone/ something completely different, what identity would you like to assume?
Who's something you would not tell someone about yourself on a first date?
