Which household chores do you secretly enjoy? Which ones do you hate, and why?
Are there any laws or social rules that completely baffle you?
Are you a starter or a finisher?
Are you afraid of flying in airplanes? How come?
Are you living your life purposefully, or still searching?
Are you useful in a crisis?
Can you tell when someone is lying?
Can you tell when someone is telling the truth?
Do you believe in magic? When have you felt it?
What's the closest thing to real magic?
Do you believe that everyone deserves forgiveness?
Do you believe that people deserve to be happy?
Do you ever hunt for answers or omens in dreams?
Do you ever wish you could go back to life before you had a phone or social media?
Do you have a morning ritual?
Do you have any habits you wish you could erase?
Do you have any irrational fears or phobias you'd like to break?
Do you have any personal rituals for the end of the year?
Do you like to be saved, or do the saving?
Do you like instant cameras and printed photos, or is your phone camera enough?
Do you think everyone has the capacity to be a leader?
Do you think we should live every day to the fullest, as if it were our last?
Do you think you're currently operating at 100% capacity?
Ever fantasize about being in a rock band? What would your group be called?
Has a teacher ever changed your life? How so?
Have you ever actually kept a New Year's resolution?
What's a business you think about starting that you'd be good at?
If you had to change your first name, what would you change it to?
If you had to write an advice column, what's the first question you'd like to answer?
How do you feel about psychic readings, astrology, or horoscopes?
Have you ever had to make a public apology? How come?
Have you ever met one of your heroes?
Have you ever met anyone famous?
Have you ever pushed your body further than you dreamed possible?
Have you ever screamed at someone? How come?
Have you ever set two friends up? How did it go?
Have you ever unplugged from the internet for more than a week?
What's one award you've been given?
How do you respond to people asking for money on the street?
How do you rein in your self-critical voices?
How long can you go without checking your texts or notifications?
How would you fix the economy?
If a mysterious benefactor handed you $5,000 and said, "Help me solve a problem, any problem!", what would you do with it?
If social media didn't exist, how would your life be different?
If you could choose your own life obstacles, would you keep the ones you have?
If you could custom-blend a perfume or cologne, what would it include?
If a mysterious benefactor paid your full college tuition to study anything, what would you study and why?
If you could have tea with one fictional character, who would it be?
If you could master any instrument on earth, what would it be?
If you could save one endangered species from extinction, which would you choose?
If you could sit down with your 10-year-old self, what would you tell them?
If you had an extra $100 to spend on yourself every week, what would you do?
If you were heading out on a road trip right this minute, what would you pack?
If you wrote novels, what would your pen name be?
Is there something people consistently ask you for help with? What is it?
Is war a necessary evil?
What are you an expert on? Is it because of training, lived experience, or both?
What are you bored of?
What are you devoted to creating in the new year?
What are you freakishly good at?
What are you starving for?
What do you value most: free time, recognition, or money?
What was the best part of your day so far?
What was your proudest moment from the past twelve months? What does it tell you about where you want to spend your time and energy next?
What was your first job, or what do you want your first job to be?
What's the worst haircut or hairstyle you've ever had?
What would you want your epitaph to say?
What do you want to be remembered for?
What's in your fridge right this moment?
What's in your pocket or backpack right now?
What's one dream you've tucked away for now, maybe because you're afraid to chase it? How come?
What's one mistake you keep repeating?
What's one thing you're deeply proud of but would never put on a college application or resume?
What's something you've tried that you'll never, ever try again?
What's the best birthday cake you ever ate?
What's the best compliment you've ever received?
What's the hardest thing you ever had to write, and why?
What's the last book you couldn't put down?
What's the most out-of-character choice you've ever made?
What would be the title of your autobiography?
If your last mistake had to become the title of your autobiography, what would it be?
What's the worst piece of advice you've ever been given?
What's the worst advice you've ever given someone?
What's your definition of an ideal houseguest?
What's your guiltiest pleasure?
What's your most urgent priority for the rest of the year?
What's your personal anthem or theme song?
What songs would be on the soundtrack to your life?
What's your recipe for bouncing back from heartbreak or a big disappointment?
When was the last time you astonished yourself?
When was the last time you got stuck in a rut? How did you get out of it?
When was the last time you saw an animal in the wild?
When you see peers getting things you want, how do you react?
Where and when do you get your best ideas or do your best thinking?
Who is the last person who deeply disappointed you? What happened?
Would you consider yourself an introvert, extrovert, or ambivert?
Would you like to write a book? About what?
What are you most grateful for right now?
What movie will you never grow tired of watching? Why?
What's your comfort TV show?
What TV or movie character would be amazing in this group?
How do you celebrate? What are some things you do to treat yourself?
When was the last time you were so into your work that time flew by?
What's the most beautiful place you've ever been?
What's your favorite place you've ever visited?
What seemingly tiny thing are you actually really thankful for?
What's one thing you really enjoy about where you live (house, neighborhood, city, or state)?
What categories of trivia are you best at?
What's the furthest you've ever been from home or family?
What's your favorite Olympic event to watch?
What's your favorite figure of speech?
What's your favorite holiday? Why?
What's one TV show you think everyone here should watch? Why?
How do you feel about small talk?
Who has been the most influential person or mentor in your life, and why?
If you could choose anyone as your mentor, who would you pick?
How do you mentally step away from school at the end of the day?
Would you rather hear the good news or the bad news first? Why?
What's one rule your parents or guardians enforced that you know was actually good for you?
When a task is unpleasant, how do you make yourself keep doing it?
Who do you know who is a good listener, and what makes them good at it?
When was the last time you asked for help? What happened?
What's one thing most people don't know about you, that they'd never guess from looking at you?
When times are rough, who or what reminds you that life is good?
What is your most treasured memory?
Imagine you've just had a difficult interaction with a teacher or classmate. How do you regain focus so you can continue with your day?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? Why was it helpful?
What's a fear that sometimes gets in your way?
Think about the last big mistake you made. What did you learn from it?
Describe a time you stood up for someone or something.
When is it difficult for you to listen to others?
When there's disagreement, do you tend to lean into it or pull away from it?
When you're feeling stressed, how do you deal with it?
Which of your character traits do you think adds the most to the world around you?
Which of your personality traits has been the most useful?
What's the hardest thing you've ever done? How did you make it through?
If you could wave a magic wand and change one thing about your school, what would it be?
If you were going to be frozen tomorrow for a one-way, 1,000-year interstellar voyage, what would you most want to say, and to whom?
What do you miss most about your past that could be recreated today?
What's the most important thing to remember daily that you haven't been able to?
What help could you most use that you haven't asked for?
What is your one piece of advice to everyone here?
What was the last thing you fell in love with?
When was the last time you felt unbounded optimism?
Who was the last person you felt inspired by?
Who's someone you really admire, and why?
What simple thing still blows your mind?
What sparked your curiosity in whatever you're most curious about now?
What's the most useful concept you know that doesn't have a name?
What's something you believe but can't defend?
What taste do you have that most people don't, where does it come from, and how has it helped you?
What is your most radical belief?
Is it more important to follow the written rules or the unwritten rules? What's one unwritten rule you've learned?
What's the most significant thing you've changed your mind about in the last year? Why did you change your mind?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
If you could know the absolute truth to one question (besides "What is the meaning of life?"), what would you ask?
Which question can you ask to find out the most about a person?
There are two types of people in this world. What are the two types?
What is something you're certain you'll never experience?
Who is or was your most interesting friend?
What small gesture from a stranger made a big impact on you?
What's the kindest thing anyone has ever done for you?
If you had a clock counting down to any one event of your choosing, what would it count down to?
What are three of the most significant numbers in your life?
Imagine you have a closet full of robots at the ready. Which of your obligations would you assign to a robot, and which would you keep because you enjoy them too much to hand off?
What is the best measurement of how an idea is absorbed into culture?
Do you think you're undervalued as a person? If so, why?
What color best describes your personality?
What have you been reading, listening to, or watching lately?
If you could pick up a new skill in an instant, what would it be?
Seen any good movies lately you'd recommend?
What's one of your favorite quotes?
Have you been pleasantly surprised by anything lately?
What was your favorite band or song when you were little?
What's your earliest memory?
Have you been anywhere recently for the first time?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
What's something you want to do in the next year that you've never done before?
Have you had your 15 minutes of fame yet?
How do you like your eggs?
Do you have a favorite charity you wish more people knew about?
Have you returned anything you've purchased recently? Why?
Do you collect anything?
What's your favorite breakfast cereal?
What's your favorite breakfast food?
Would you rather watch Star Wars or Star Trek?
Would you rather read on an e-reader or a paperback book?
Would you rather go to a play or a musical?
Would you rather see a live show or a movie?
Would you rather hike or bike?
Would you rather wear jeans or chinos?
Would you rather have a smoothie or a milkshake?
Would you rather crash with friends or stay in a hotel?
Would you rather visit Europe or Mexico?
Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska, and why?
Would you rather go skiing or snowshoeing?
Would you rather travel by plane, train, or car?
Would you rather ride in a houseboat or a speedboat?
Would you rather go climbing or zip-lining?
Would you rather go to a comedy show or a dance?
Would you rather have a night out or an evening in?
Would you rather watch TV or read a book?
Would you rather go canoeing or waterskiing?
Would you rather camp in an RV or a tent?
Would you rather use Instagram or TikTok?
Would you rather take a free trip or the money it would've cost?
Would you rather win the lottery or find your perfect job?
Would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean?
Would you rather travel by sailboat or cruise ship?
Would you rather watch sports or play sports?
Would you rather play dodgeball or kickball?
Would you rather be a lonely genius or a sociable idiot?
Would you rather have a live-in massage therapist or a live-in chef?
Would you rather have an extra $200 a day or an extra 2 hours a day?
Who would you want with you if you were stranded on a deserted island?
If you could do anything you wanted right now, what would it be?
If money were no object, what would you do all day?
Where do you most want to travel but have never been?
If there were no limits, where in the world would you choose to live?
Who is your favorite author?
What's your favorite book?
What's one book you think everyone should read?
What was your favorite activity in gym class when you were younger?
What is your biggest success so far?
What does your perfect day look like, from start to finish?
College or life experience: which do you think best prepares you for life?
What's one thing that should be taught in school that isn't already?
If you were to create a piece of art, what would the subject be?
What one thing would you change if you could do it over?
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
If you could witness any event past, present, or future, what would it be?
What does your life say about you?
How would your friends describe you?
Describe yourself in three words.
What was your favorite food when you were a child?
What's your most-played song of all time? From the last month?
What's your favorite indoor activity? Your favorite outdoor activity?
What's your favorite form of exercise?
What's your favorite time of day, day of the week, and month of the year?
What's your least favorite way to get around?
What sound do you love?
If you could throw any kind of party, what would it be like and what would it be for?
If you could paint any scenery you've seen, what would you paint?
If you could stay a certain age forever, what age would it be?
If you could go back and start life over, what age would you choose?
If you knew the world was ending in exactly 15 years, what would you do differently?
If you had to work on only one project for the next year, what would it be?
If you were immortal for a day, what would you do?
If you could meet anyone, living or dead, who would you meet?
If you won the lottery, what's the first thing you would do?
If you were reincarnated as a drink or an ice cream flavor, what would it be?
If you could be any fictional character, or swap lives with one, who would you choose?
Which celebrity has someone said you look, sound, or act like?
What non-serious thing do you want to be when you grow up?
When you have 30 minutes of free time, how do you pass it?
Has something ever happened that seemed bad but turned out to be for the best?
What was one of the best parties you've ever been to?
What was the last movie, TV show, or book that made you cry or tear up?
What was the last experience that made you a stronger person?
What did you do when you were younger that got you into trouble?
When was the last time you had an amazing meal?
What's the best or worst gift you've ever given or received?
What do you miss most about being a little kid?
What's your first memory of being really excited?
When was the last time you were nervous?
What's something you learned in the last week?
What story does your family always tell about you?
When did you first feel like you had really grown up?
Is a picture worth a thousand words? Elaborate.
Where's Waldo?
The best part of waking up is...?
How now, brown cow?
Whasssssuuuupppppp?
What's the most interesting thing that happened, or that you heard, this week?
What's one thing you'd like to be different tomorrow?
What has been hardest for you this week?
When was the last time you felt truly appreciated?
What on your horizon are you most excited about?
What have you done recently to take care of yourself?
What do you wish you did a little less of this week?
What do you wish you did a little more of this week?
Share a boring fact about yourself.
What was your best failure this year? (Something that didn't go well but eventually taught you something important.)
What was your most overrated success? (Something you thought would feel great that was sort of a letdown.)
Who really enriched your life this year? Who do you want to get to know better in the year ahead?
What community are you part of right now that you find most nourishing? What kind of community are you craving?
What goals, personal or school, are you letting go of this year?
Who did you feel most jealous of this year? What are they doing that you'd like to bring more of into your own life?
Who or what did you feel most resentful about last year? How can you get clear about your own needs and speak up for them so you don't carry that feeling into this year?
What piece of art, movie, or book really inspired you this year?
What conversation was most memorable last year? What made it stick with you so powerfully?
If you had to come up with a mantra for this year, what would it be?
When were you most physically joyful last year? How can you get there more this year?
What question did you find yourself asking over and over this year? What answer are you living your way into?
What's the most meaningful or sacred experience you've had so far?
What have grown-ups forgotten that kids know intimately?
If you had to give up either music or TV/movies/streaming forever, which would you choose and why?
Which is better: a day at the beach or a day at an amusement park? Why?
If you had to describe how you're feeling right now as an amusement park ride, which ride at which park would you be?
If your mood right now were a weather forecast, what would it be?
What's something new you've learned about yourself in the last three months?
What's your favorite body of water, and why?
Have you ever quit something you used to be really passionate about? Do you regret it? Do you think you'll ever take it up again?
If you had to take a bath in a food, which food would it be and why?
What is your oldest and most cherished grudge?
If you could say one sentence to your pet and know they'd understand it completely, what would you say?
What's your most trivial or useless superpower?
What's your most-used emoji, and when do you use it?
What one emoji describes your mood right now?
If you were in the MLB, what would be your walk-up song?
What's a restaurant you'd recommend, and what do you usually order?
What's a hobby or interest you picked up during quarantine?
Would you rather meet the Ghost of Christmas Past or the Ghost of Christmas Future?
Which classmate is most likely to escape a deserted island alive?
If you were principal for a day, what's the first thing you would change?
If you could pick any historical figure as a group-project partner, who would it be?
What's one thing that would actually make group projects work better?
Which classmate is most likely to start their own company someday?
What's your dream job?
What did you want to be when you grew up, back when you were little?
What's your favorite thing about this class?
How would you feel about a four-day school week with longer days?
What's your all-time favorite group or team-building activity?
Name one class activity you secretly dread.
Which classmate is most likely to go off the grid for a month with no internet and love every minute?
What's the worst job you've ever heard of?
What's the best advice you've gotten from someone at this school?
Who in this class has the perfect personality to host a talk show?
What's your favorite food that most people around you find strange?
What's the hardest part of doing schoolwork at home?
What's the best part of online or remote learning?
If our class were in a horror movie, who would be the first to go?
Aliens land on Earth and announce that one of your classmates is their spy. You're not even a little surprised. Who is it?
If you had to speak like a cartoon character for the rest of your life, who would you choose?
Would you rather be the best at your worst job or the worst at your dream job?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
If you had to break an awkward silence with a joke right now, what would it be?
What's your go-to move when an awkward silence hits?
Which reality TV show is your guilty pleasure?
What's the most peculiar family tradition you have?
In what strange sport would you definitely win at least one award?
Which fashion trend do you regret following, and which questionable one do you secretly still like?
What's the worst or weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
What's the most adventurous dish you've ever eaten?
Which word do you absolutely hate the sound of?
What's the most mind-numbingly dull movie ever made?
What's the most underrated song that everyone should hear at least once?
If a talk show host had to narrate your life, who would you choose?
Which movie has had the most significant impact on your life, and why?
If one fictional world became the new reality, which would you choose?
What's the most boring sport to watch?
Who would be your first celebrity guest if you had your own talk show?
If you could only watch one celebrity's work for the rest of your life, who would you choose?
Who is the greatest actor of all time, in your opinion?
If you could compete in the Olympics, which sport would you pick?
Which fictional character do you find most inspiring?
Who is your all-time favorite talk show host?
If you were cast in any movie, what would the film be about?
Which song never fails to cheer you up?
Who is the most underrated celebrity you know of?
Who is your favorite celebrity?
Does your family have any traditions centered on movies, sports, or music?
If you could collaborate with any celebrity on a school project, who would you choose?
What's the worst creative project a celebrity has ever put out?
Which book have you always wanted to read but never gotten around to?
What's one skill you'd recommend everyone learn?
What's the one thing you look forward to every morning?
What's your biggest "I wish I had started this earlier"?
At what milestone would you consider yourself truly successful?
Which cartoon character do you relate to most right now?
If you could ask any historical figure one question, who would it be and what would you ask?
If you could introduce any two historical figures to each other, who would you pair?
What's one thing you believe everyone should practice?
If you could spend a day living someone else's life, whose would you choose?
What's the most amazing thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the coolest website you've ever come across?
What's one simple thing everyone else finds easy but you genuinely struggle with?
What's your favorite trick for eating healthier without overthinking it?
What's the one icebreaker question that should be mandatory at the start of every class?
What's a food you can't understand why everyone loves?
What are the five things most important to you outside of friends and family?
What's something your younger self would never believe you do now?
You have 5 minutes to hide a paperclip somewhere in your home. A detective is hired to find it, and if they fail, you win $10,000. Where do you hide it?
You get one year on a deserted island with a cartoon character who is your only chance at survival, but after the year ends, that character tries to defeat you. Who do you pick?
Which everyday school task, turned into an Olympic sport, would you lose at miserably?
Which childhood food would you love to eat again but has been discontinued?
What song could make even the most boring chore bearable?
Your phone has internet from five years in the future. What do you search for first?
If there were a room filled with everything you've ever lost, what would you be most excited to find?
Which conspiracy theory do you secretly think might be true?
What are your top five bucket-list items?
What's your fondest memory from school?
What's the quirkiest thing about you?
What's one of your biggest pet peeves?
How would your toughest critic describe you in three words?
What's the one thing that always impresses you when you meet someone new?
What's your favorite genre of music?
Describe an experience that made you question reality.
In an emergency, what are the five things you would grab first?
What's the dumbest thing you believed was true for far too long?
If you could meet your descendants for five minutes, what would you tell them?
If you could ask your ancestors one question, what would it be?
What's one thing that never fails to make you laugh?
What does being a secretly wonderful person look like to you?
What never fails to make you feel emotional?
If you had unlimited time, money, and resources, would you still work?
What do you picture your life looking like in 20 years?
What's a lesson you wish you had learned sooner?
What do you do when you notice someone around you is sad?
What do you think people should stop feeling insecure about?
What's the kindest thing you've ever witnessed?
What kind of person do you love working on a project with?
What's your favorite way to make a new student feel welcome?
What's the hardest habit you've ever broken?
Would you rather have wisdom or money?
Would you rather never listen to old music again or never listen to new music again?
Would you rather earn $1 for every step you take or $100 every two hours?
Would you rather freeze time for 30 seconds once a day or rewind time 30 seconds once a day?
Would you rather absorb all the knowledge in any book by touching it or gain any physical skill by watching a video?
Would you rather tell your past self one thing or ask your future self one question?
Would you rather have your happiest moments become even happier or your saddest moments become less painful?
Would you rather see through physical objects or see through lies and false promises?
Which element would you rather control: fire, water, earth, or air?
Would you rather be able to talk to animals or speak every human language fluently?
Would you rather witness the beginning of the universe or the end of it?
Would you rather be instantly ready for school in the morning or instantly ready for sleep at night?
Would you rather have the ability to fly or be invisible?
Would you rather settle all disagreements with rock-paper-scissors or hide-and-seek?
Would you rather have cookies or brownies for the rest of your life?
Would you rather eat Cheetos with cream cheese or drink chocolate milk with salt?
Would you rather have a long role in a terrible movie or a brief role in an incredible one?
Would you rather know everything about the ocean or everything about outer space?
Would you rather be able to remember everything or forget anything on demand?
Would you rather never eat chocolate again or never eat bread again?
Would you take a shot at something if the chances of success and failure were 50-50?
Would you rather take a luxurious trip alone or have a picnic with people you love?
What does your study space at home look like, and what's one thing you'd change about it?
What app or tool makes schoolwork noticeably easier for you?
What's one thing you always keep on your desk while studying?
Do you prefer video calls with your camera on or off, and why?
What's the most unusual place you've ever done homework?
What background do you use on video calls, real or virtual, and why?
If you could design your perfect school-day schedule, what would it look like?
What's your go-to ritual when you need to focus on schoolwork?
What's the funniest thing that has ever happened to you on a video call?
What snack makes a long study session more bearable?
What time of day are you most productive?
If our class had a hangout with no assignments, what would you want to do?
What's one piece of advice you'd give someone starting their first job?
Coffee or tea?
Early bird or night owl?
Mountains or beach?
Online school or in-person school?
Morning workout or evening workout?
Call or text?
Window seat or aisle seat?
Planner or spontaneous?
Sweet or salty?
City or countryside?
Comedy or thriller?
Breakfast for dinner or dinner for breakfast?
Pen or pencil?
Logic or creativity?
Early class or late class?
Laptop or desktop?
One long vacation a year or short trips throughout the year?
Chocolate or vanilla?
Cats or dogs?
Breakfast or dinner?
Clean or messy?
American, Italian, Mexican, Chinese, or another kind of food?
Superman, Batman, Spider-Man, or Wonder Woman?
Shoe size?
Favorite color?
Favorite band or artist?
Favorite animal?
Favorite food?
One food you dislike?
Favorite condiment?
Last movie you saw in a theater?
Favorite toy as a child?
One item you should throw away but probably never will?
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
What vegetable would you like to grow in a garden?
Tell about a childhood game you loved.
What's your favorite dessert?
Share about one of your hobbies.
Tell about a happy childhood memory.
Name three things (or people) that make you smile.
Are you doing what you truly want in life?
What are your aspirations in life?
How many promises have you made this past year, and how many have you kept?
Are you proud of what you're doing with your life or what you've done in the past? Explain.
Have you ever abandoned a creative idea you believed in because others thought it was foolish? Explain.
Would you prefer stable but boring work, or interesting work with a heavy workload?
Are you making an impact, or constantly being influenced by the world?
Which makes you happier: forgiving someone or holding a grudge? Explain.
What are your strengths?
What are your weaknesses?
Are you doing anything that makes you and the people around you happy?
Tell about a short-term goal you have.
Tell about a health goal you have.
Tell about a long-term goal you have.
Tell about a value that is important to you right now.
What do you like most about yourself?
What do you like least about yourself?
What in life brings you joy?
What is something you want to change about yourself, and what are two things you can do to make it happen?
Describe your perfect world. Who would be in it, and what would you be doing?
Where were you one year ago, where are you now, and where do you want to be a year from today?
Share about a character flaw you have.
What kind of person do you want to be?
When is the last time you helped someone, and what did you do?
Tell about a problem you have right now. What can you do to solve it?
Have you ever let down someone you loved or who loved you? Explain.
Who is your favorite person?
What's it like growing up in your family?
What makes someone a good friend?
What happens when you're rejected?
What makes a relationship healthy or unhealthy?
Would you rather break someone's heart or have your heart broken?
What are your career goals?
What classes would you be most interested in taking?
Tell about a job you would hate doing.
Would you prefer to work with people or by yourself?
Would you ever do a dangerous job if it paid a lot of money?
What do you want to do when you retire?
If you have a job, what do you like about it? What do you dislike?
How do you deal with difficult classmates or teammates?
What qualities do you appreciate most in a teacher or coach?
When was the last time you laughed, and what did you laugh at?
If happiness were a currency, how rich would you be?
How do you express happiness?
What are three healthy ways you can cope with anger?
What are three healthy ways you can cope with anxiety?
What does being happy mean to you?
Tell about a time you were happy.
Tell about a time you were heartbroken.
What is the difference between guilt and shame?
Is guilt a healthy emotion?
Can guilt be excessive?
Is there such a thing as "healthy shame"?
What makes you mad?
When do you feel afraid?
When do you feel lonely?
Share about the last time you felt guilty.
What embarrasses you?
How does a person practice forgiveness, of themselves and others, from a religious point of view and from a non-religious one?
What does it mean to forgive?
Do you have to forgive to move forward?
What brings you meaning in life?
How do you define spirituality?
What's the difference between religion and spirituality?
When do you feel most at peace?
Do you meditate? Why or why not?
Would you break the rules for something or someone you care about?
Are you afraid of making mistakes? Why or why not?
If you cloned yourself, which of your characteristics would you not want cloned?
What's the difference between you and most other people?
Think about the last thing you cried about. Does it matter to you now? Will it matter five years from now?
What do you need to let go of in life?
Is there someone you couldn't stand a few years ago? Does it matter now?
What are you worrying about, and what happens if you stop worrying about it?
What's the one thing you're most satisfied with?
If today were the end of the world, what would you do?
How do you think others see you?
How do you get someone's attention?
What masks do you wear?
